Rework fundamentals to accomodate static API (#1293)
react-navigation/react-navigation.github.io: versioned_docs/version-7.x/getting-started.md

:::

## Setting up React Navigation

Once you've installed and configured the dependencies, you can move on to setting up your project to use React Navigation.

When using React Navigation, you configure [**navigators**](glossary-of-terms.md#navigator) in your app. Navigators handle the transition between screens in your app and provide UI such as header, tab bar etc.

There are 2 primary ways to configure the navigators:

### Static configuration

> The static configuration API has reduced boilerplate and simplifies things such as TypeScript types and deep linking. If you're starting a new project or are new to React Navigation, this is the **recommended way** to set up your app.

Reviewer: I'm somehow unconvinced about stating that this is "the recommended way". I think we can just present both with their tradeoffs?

> The static configuration API has reduced boilerplate and simplifies things such as TypeScript types and deep linking. If you're starting a new project or are new to React Navigation, this is the **recommended way** to set up your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The static configuration API has reduced boilerplate and simplifies things such as TypeScript types and deep linking. It might be considered a good way to quickly start the development of a new app, not putting too much energy into configuring the navigation structure. Although it may not provide a sufficient level of flexibility, that should be more than enough for the majority of the applications. 
```

Continue to ["Hello React Navigation"](hello-react-navigation.md?config=static) to start writing some code with the static API.

### Dynamic configuration

> The dynamic configuration allows for more flexibility but requires more boilerplate and configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dynamic configuration allows for more flexibility but requires more boilerplate and configuration. 
Use that option if you would like to manage your routes dynamically and need the flexibility of dealing with the React components directly. 

Also, this used to be a default way of defining the navigation structure before the 7.x version. If you are updating from the older version, we do not suggest migration, unless the level of boilerplate was causing difficulties. 
```
